[docs] archive deprecation (#21994)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/operator/data-management.mdx

A Sui archive instance stores the full Sui transaction history since genesis in a database agnostic format. This includes information about transactions (with client authentication), effects, events, and checkpoints. As such, archival storage can be used for data auditing and for replaying historic transactions.

> A Full Node that starts from scratch can replay (and thus re-verify) transactions that occurred since Sui genesis from the given archive via [configuring Archival Fallback](./sui-full-node.mdx#archival-fallback) in the `fullnode.yaml` configuration file to point to the S3 bucket that stores the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Full Node that starts from scratch can replay (and thus re-verify) transactions that occurred since Sui genesis from the given archive via [configuring Archival Fallback](./archives.mdx##set-up-archival-fallback) in the `fullnode.yaml` configuration file to point to the cloud bucket that stores the archive.
```

A Sui archive instance stores the full Sui transaction history since genesis in a database agnostic format. This includes information about transactions (with client authentication), effects, events, and checkpoints. As such, archival storage can be used for data auditing and for replaying historic transactions.

> A Full Node that starts from scratch can replay (and thus re-verify) transactions that occurred since Sui genesis from the given archive via [configuring Archival Fallback](./archives.mdx##set-up-archival-fallback) in the `fullnode.yaml` configuration file to point to the cloud bucket that stores the archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Full node that starts from scratch can replay (and thus re-verify) transactions that occurred since Sui genesis from the given archive via [configuring Archival Fallback](./archives.mdx#set-up-archival-fallback) in the `fullnode.yaml` configuration file to point to the cloud bucket that stores the archive.
```
